=head1 NAME

pkgmgr - IPS package management/publishing tool.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<pkgmgr> I<command> [I<options...>]

where 'command' is one of the following:

    list <repo> [-t <interval>|<ISO time>] [--src|dst|staging] [pkg_fmri_pattern ...]

    diff <ref_repo> [--src|dst|staging] <diff_repo> [--src|dst|staging] [pkg_fmri_pattern ...]

    stage <repo> [-y] [-n] [pkg_fmri_pattern ...]

    publish <repo> [-y] [-n] [pkg_fmri_pattern ...]

    pull <repo> [--from=<pull_src>] [-y] [-n] [pkg_fmri_pattern ...]

    export <repo> -d <path> [-y] [-n] [--src|dst|staging] [pkg_fmri_pattern ...]

    remove <repo> [-y] [-n] [pkg_fmri_pattern ...]

    rebuild <repo> [--src|dst|staging]

    help

    man

    version

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Use pkgmgr to manage package publishing.

=head2 B<list>

lists all packages in the repository that match the B<pkg_fmri_pattern>,
publisher and release. Use the B<--src|dst|staging> option to specify which
repository to list. Defaults to B<--src> if not defined.
If the B<-t> option is used, only packages that have a more recent ISO timestamp will
be listed or a timestamp within B<interval> timespan. B<interval> can be suffixed
with s, M, h, d, m, y (defaults to seconds).

=head2 B<diff>

returns a diff of package versions in the repositories that match the
B<pkg_fmri_pattern>, publisher and release.
Use the B<--src|dst|staging> option to specify which repositories to diff.
Defaults to B<--src> for B<ref_repo> and to B<--dst> for B<diff_repo>.

=head2 B<stage>

stages the packages that match the B<pkg_fmri_pattern>, publisher and release.
Use the B<-y> to say 'yes' to all questions asked, B<-n> for a dry-run.

=head2 B<publish>

publishes the packages that match B<pkg_fmri_pattern>, publisher and release.
Use the B<-y> to say 'yes' to all questions asked, B<-n> for a dry-run.

=head2 B<pull>

pulls the packages that match B<pkg_fmri_pattern>, publisher and release.
Use the B<-y> to say 'yes' to all questions asked, B<-n> for a dry-run.
If you specify B<--from=<pull_src>>, all packages will get rsynced from that
location instead of pulled from the destination repo.

=head2 B<export>

exports the packages that match B<pkg_fmri_pattern>, publisher and release
to a pkg archive at the location specified by B<-d>. Use the B<--src|dst|staging>
option to specify from which repository to export. Defaults to B<--src> if not defined.
Use the B<-y> to say 'yes' to all questions asked, B<-n> for a dry-run.

=head2 B<remove>

removes the packages that match B<pkg_fmri_pattern>, publisher and release
from the source repository. pkgrepo does not support remote package removal.
Use the B<-y> to say 'yes' to all questions asked, B<-n> for a dry-run.

=head2 B<rebuild>

initiates repository rebuild. Use the B<--src|dst|staging> option to specify which
repository to list. Defaults to B<--src> if not defined.

=head1 EXAMPLES

list all packages in the staging repository of 'r151022' containing the string 'gnu'

    pkgmgr list r151022 --staging '*gnu*'

show all packages that have changed between r151022 and bloody in the destination repos

    pkgmgr diff r151022 bloody --dst

stage all packages that have changed within the last 2 hours for repository 'r151022'

    pkgmgr list r151022 -t 2h | pkgmgr stage r151022

publish all packages that have a more recent ISO timestamp than '20170701T000000Z'

    pkgmgr list r151022 -t 20170701T000000Z | pkgmgr publish r151022

publish all packages listed in the file 'pkg_list.txt' to repository 'bloody'

    cat pkg_list.txt | pkgmgr publish bloody

rebuild remote/destination bloody repository

    pkgmgr rebuild bloody --dst

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2018 OmniOS Community Edition (OmniOSce) Association.

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for
more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program. If not, see L<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

=head1 AUTHOR

S<Andy Fiddaman E<lt>omnios@citrus-it.co.ukE<gt>>
S<Dominik Hassler E<lt>hadfl@omniosce.orgE<gt>>

=head1 HISTORY

2017-07-15 had Initial Version

=cut
